Hello
What do you want?
This is a prescription, packed in two packs according to the dose above.
Do you want to make particles?
Or pack it up and go home by yourself?
Anyway, both of these will cost 500 yuan in labor costs.
Just follow the recipe above for the amount of ingredients.
I go home and hum to myself
In order to save 500 yuan, I went home to boil it myself
You know how to dispense medicine.
Brother, why don't you make any particles?
I don't know anything about dispensing medicine
It's alright, I know it's alright
This traditional Chinese medicine mainly relies on suffering to get out of the drug risk
And it can't be evenly divided according to the dose of the drug
Oh, anyway, don't worry about it, I'll do it myself
If you have no money, you have no money, what kind of recipe are you talking about?
That's funny.
The car is ready 40,000 five
How much 40,000 five
Do you understand?
poor
This is still 10% off for activities in our store.
Otherwise, these pills cost 50,000
No, this is how much it weighs.
40,000 five we don't want
Don't buy it if you can't afford it.
I knew you had no money
I won't waste time getting you medicine
Go go go to your brother
My sister doesn't understand the one you came back to.
Excuse me.
I'm out of this medicine
I sweep you or you sweep me I sweep you
Okay, the payment is successful.
Look no further.
Anyway, you don't understand it, just take it home and boil it.
This medicine
Right?